Feat: Best Practices Section (#101)
vtex-sites/nextjs.store: src/components/ui/Alert/Alert.stories.mdx

</TokenTable>

---

## Nested Elements

### Link

<TokenTable>
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-alert-link-color"
    value="var(--fs-alert-text-color)"
    globalValue="var(--fs-color-highlighted-text)"
    isColor
  />
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-alert-link-color-visited"
    value="var(--fs-alert-text-color)"
    globalValue="var(--fs-color-highlighted-text)"
    isColor
  />
</TokenTable>

### Button

<TokenTable>
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-alert-button-text-color"
    value="var(--fs-alert-text-color)"
    globalValue="var(--fs-color-highlighted-text)"
    isColor
  />
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-alert-button-bkg-color"
    value="var(--fs-alert-bkg-color)"
    globalValue="var(--fs-color-highlighted-bkg)"
    isColor
  />
  <TokenRow
    token="--fs-alert-button-border-radius"
    value="var(--fs-border-radius)"
  />
</TokenTable>

---

## Do's and Don'ts

<BestPractices>
  <BestPracticesRule
    recommendedUsage={
      <Alert
        icon={<Icon name="ShieldCheck" width={24} height={24} />}
        link={{ text: 'Buy Now', to: '/' }}
        dismissible
      >
        Free shipping starts at $300
      </Alert>
    }

>     recommendedDescription="Prefer short messages to inform about a behavior of a system, feature or page."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    recommendedDescription="Write short messages to inform about the behavior of a system, feature, or page."
```

    discouragedUsage={
      <Alert
        icon={<Icon name="ShieldCheck" width={24} height={24} />}
        link={{ text: 'Really long link to add here', to: '/' }}
        dismissible
      >
        Alert with a veeeery long description lorem ipsum dolor sit amet,
        consectetur adipiscing elit. Donec sollicitudin erat non felis feugiat
        porta. Nam vitae turpis metus. Maecenas feugiat justo tristique libero
        ultricies.
      </Alert>
    }

>     discouragedDescription="Don't use really long texts. Some important information can be lost."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    discouragedDescription="Don't use long texts. Important information can be lost."
```

Reviewer: What about defining a character limit for the text? Maybe something around 30 - 40 characters. So the person knows that something over that limit is considered a long text.
